Hi guys, in this video I want to create
a nice video like this using this modern
and new video image video
using 12 GB of VR.
Okay, let's
Okay, first thing first open CQI folder
after run it.
Now we let's go to
go down want to use this video and your
video 1.5 image studio will explain
is uh be here or you can copy the red
right here and go to internet account
manager
add okay start download for me I already
download those files
okay now to add those files the campi
open thei folder
let's go to modus
okay the first one
is a clip a vision And we not this part
is for clip vision
for this patch.
Okay. This one
and drag right here from downloading.
Second one decision model
honeymoon video. Okay. I must go here to
the fusion wizard.
Search for one. How many gigabytes is 15
GB? Search for 15 GB is this one. Image
to video.
And let's see. It works or not. Now
let's reload the page. Okay, it's fine.
Okay, now we can add our image. right
here
you want to use this default prompt or
you can use
the prompt from ch with an okay let's
see how you can use chd
okay
I
create
from
here
and check means
port
to this
living
with one.
Okay, this is the the comment.
Okay, uh first of all, I need those this
prompt. Copy it and go right here and
paste on step three. Add your container.
Now let's go down one of the negative
copy and paste right here.
Okay. After adding those, we need an
image. We ask
to create an image.
Create
an image.
as a reference.
It's created now. Let's save it.
After saving this image, let's go here
to step two. Upload this image
downloaded
and fine.
Okay. Now, let's go here to step four.
Change the resolution
resolution. Okay.
This is the length. If you want by
seconds, put 121.
Okay. After this file, you will just
this
not 20. Okay. After that, let's draw
Okay. Uh it takes around 8 minutes
to create 5 seconds video
using this motor with 12 GB of V RA.
Okay. Thank you guys for watching this
call for this tutorial.